Level Creation
--------------

This game of Mad Birds retrieves its levels from the .lvl files from the
"level" folder. You, too, can create your own levels by creating .lvl
files and storing it in this folder.

The main components you can make in a level are the following:

sling    - Slingshot used to shoot the bird. The bird also spawns where the
           sling is.
target   - What you need to hit with your bird.
block    - An obstacle that is capable of falling.
terrain  - An environment piece that is incapable of falling.

For a .lvl file, all you need to do in order to create a level is to specify
a few of the above. Of note, you MUST specify sling, target, and terrain
objects for your level. Not doing so will either make your level unwinnable or
uncreatable.


Naming Convention
-----------------

In order for your file to be recognized by the game, make sure to name it
as

    level_x.lvl

where x is the level number. Also, if you want the game to transition into
your level without having ot use the command line arguments, make sure the
level number is right after the level number of a valid level. Otherwise,
your level may not be seen during transition, as the game looks at the very
next level file to generate levels, and automatically ends if the next
level doesn't exist or has an invalid file.


Syntax:
-------

To specify an object, you first write it's type name (eg., sling, target, block)
as the first item on a line. Then, you follow that item with a few numerical
 parameters (often just two: x and y coordinates). You repeat that for the rest 
of the objects in the game.


The following are the formats you must follow for each object. The first word
for each object (the object's type) must be written to identify it as that type,
while the rest can be integers of your choosing.


sling x y
target x y
block x y
terrain x y width height


(note: the origin of the y-axis is on the top-left of the window, and goes
       downward. eg., y = 5 means 5 pixels down)


Object Sizes
------------

The following are the dimensions (width and height, respectively) for
each of the objects in the game. Note that terrain has variable width
and height, and so is not listed.

sling: 60, 70
block: 30, 30
target: 30, 30


Example:
--------

sling 30 380
block 300 300
terrain 0 450 600 400
target 600 500
target 400 500


Tips:
-----

When trying to make objects spawn on top of each other (say, for example,
a stack of blocks), try to give a difference of at least 50 pixes vertically.
The objects will fall on top of each other, and will be less likely to spawn
inside of each other.

Also, note that you can only have one sling in a game. Thus, trying to
create more than one will cause the most recently defined one (the one
furthest down the file) to become the main sling of the game.
